[birds chirping]
[CASSEROLE]
We're totally broke.
Oh, come on,
seems like that's all you can
talk about these days, boss.
So, I'm assuming that's what
we're here to discuss, right?
[PAS]
It's been challenging
trying to recover
after getting raided by bandits.
The burden of reopening
the two villages we had
to shut down
has proved a heavy one.
Everyone has felt it.
[grunts]
Between digging up
the filled-in wells,
rebuilding all the homesteads
that were torn down
when everyone left,
and securing food
for the villagers,
so they could get through
the upcoming winter
after having to strip
the fields,
we're quickly running through
our treasury.
[sighs]
[CASSEROLE] It certainly
didn't help our situation any
that we were forced
to let the bandit leader escape.
Yeah, that really put us back,
didn't it?
We would have secured at least
200 gold coins for his head.
We can't just borrow the money,
can we?
There's no one to lend us money,
though.
Nearby fiefs
have nothing to spare
after dealing with the problems
from the winter storms.
The neighboring villages
were so badly damaged
by bandits
they're asking us for loans!
[CASSEROLE]
What about the court nobles?
Ah! There's no chance!
Loans from those stingy misers
is an even worse idea.
Each gold piece would come
with a hundred more in interest.
[PAS]
Right.
-Hm?
There must be someone
who could can help us there.
Is there any chance
you and mother could ask
your parents for assistance?
That's not going to happen.
We've already cut ties
with both sides.
It's been well over a decade.
I've never even introduced them
to their grandchildren.
So, I can't exactly show up
and just demand
they give me money.
Yeah, that makes sense.
[CASSEROLE] Back when your
mother and I first got together,
the lands were even more barren
than they are now
and everyone around us
opposed our union as well.
Yep, after
their whirlwind love affair,
they pretty much ran away
somewhere to secretly elope!
Gotta say, I'm pretty jealous!
[clears throat]
[PAS]
Arranged marriages
are still the norm
in this world,
so that must have been
a struggle for them.
[CASSEROLE]
Anyway, we have no money!
[FEUILLE] Yeah, I think
you've made that crystal clear!
[chuckles]
♪
[NARRATOR] This is the tale
of a genius patissier
whose dream of making
the world's greatest dessert
was cut short.
Now, reincarnated
into another realm
as the son of a poor noble.
He pursues a world
full of desserts and smiles!
A tale that's syrupy sweet,
chock full of yummy treats
and sprinkled
with bitter darkness.
A pastry chef, who was reborn
and dreams of creating
this new world's
very own land of sweets!
[PAS] Hmm.
So that's what's been up, huh?
You guys have been discussing
all of this stuff
in your dad's office for days?
Yeah.
You know, it's not honest
to keep secrets from us, Pas.
That's "dishonest," Moron.
Duh, yeah, I know that!
Lumi, how are you healing up?
Is it okay for you
to be out here right now?
Yeah, Dad and Grandpa
both said I was good to go,
so here I am, toughing it out!
Ow, that hurts. The pain's not
really all gone yet.
Watch it.
You're gonna overdo it.
Oh, c'mon, I'm fine!
-[Pas laughs]
-huh? What's so funny, Pas?
You two make
the cutest little couple!
I told you, it aren't like that!
How about you shut your mouth,
huh?
[MARC] So, why can't we
just make the fields bigger?
[PAS] It's true that we still
have plenty of extra land
we can cultivate.
Of course,
it takes time to do that
and manpower,
and most of all money.
Plus, there's no way to do it
on short notice.
Hey, I know!
How about that bonka pie
you made for us?
Bonka pie?
It was so delicious! Why not
try selling them in town?
Wow.
I admit
they're a lot of fun to make.
♪
There's nothing quite
like making a good dessert.
Ah!
[gasps]
[PAS] No, no! Stop it!
We're here to make money!
In order to produce enough
to make a profit,
we'd need to figure out a way
to bring in a lot of bonkas.
So, it probably wouldn't work.
In that case,
why haven't you ever considered
teaching magic, then?
Why are you so obsessed
with learning magic anyway?
If I could use magic,
I'd be sure to do something epic
like, become a rich noble
and eat yummy food all day long!
What a joke!
[yells]
There's no way
you believe that'll happen.
You'd for sure need
a miracle to learn magic
and even if you did
figure out how to use it,
there's no way you'd be
able to master it, anyway, Marc.
What's that supposed to mean?
I'm just being honest with you.
If you ever did learn
a fire spell,
you'd just set yourself on fire!
'Cause you're as moronic
as they come!
Hey, why'd you say that?
Stop making fun of me!
Simmer down.
Enough with the flirting
and what not.
It ain't flirting, damn it!
You know, I still think
magic might be the key.
Huh! Oh, wow, really?
Anyway, I want you to show us
that spell you use, Pas.
Maybe we'll get inspired.
Yeah, let's go!
Mm!
[PAS] They do say, "three heads
are better than one."
Maybe this'll point me
in the right direction!
When I was thinking up
brand new desserts
back in my old world,
I was so obsessed,
I'd stay up all night
brainstorming
with my fellow chefs!
All right. Let's do it.
Go ahead and draw
whatever you want to
in the dirt.
So, just draw anything?
That's right.
[humming]
[giggles]
What's that? Huh?
[laughs]
[MARC] It's me, using my magic
to totally slay a dragon!
[PAS]
Oh, is that a dragon?
Uh?
I thought it was a drawing
of a weird worm with legs.
Oh.
[laughing]
Oh, hey Lumi,
that's a bonka, isn't it?
Sure is! [giggles]
Pretty sweet, right?
[PAS]
What's that next to it?
A hot bonka pie, obviously!
[laughs] You suck so bad,
I thought it was a rock, geez.
Uh, excuse me?
Yours just looks like
a creepy snake
slithering around on the ground.
-Shut it.
-[growls]
You just can't appreciate
how fire my dragon really is!
Only a little kid
would say that!
Cool it!
How about I just demonstrate
my spell for you guys?
Ah?
Replicate!
-Hm?
Oh!
♪
[screams]
Ah!
♪
Oh! That's so wicked!
Now, my drawing's on me.
That's crazy!
So, you really do know
how to use magic, don't you Pas?
Well, you have seen me
use it before.
[LUMI]
It's not rubbing off.
Oh, yeah, it fades away
in three-ish days on skin.
But it's permanent on trees
and walls, and stuff.
It's like the coolest trick
ever!
[laughs]
I wanna show it to my Grandpa!
Hey, Pas,
can you do the opposite?
Huh!
Well, um, like how?
Instead of copying a drawing
onto something,
could you transfer
something else into a drawing?
[PAS] Transfer something
into a drawing?
Like putting the image
of a house
or of someone's face
onto the ground?
I think that'd be something
pretty special.
That don't make a dang
lick of sense, Lumi!
-[LUMI] You dork.
-[MARC] What'd you say?
[LUMI]
Mega-dork!
[Marc yells]
Wait, that's it!
Oh, wow perfect!
Lumi, you're a genius!
[whimpers]
Hey, where'd all this come from?
Ah!
Sorry, I put my hands
on your wife, Marc.
That gag's played out, Pas.
But you may've given me
a really great idea!
I see. The situation
with our finances is that dire?
Mm-hmm.
But still, I'm not sure
we can rely on my family
to offer us much assistance.
[sighs]
I understand. Makes sense.
[PAS]
Great news!
I've come up with a way
to make some money!
Oh, yeah? Spill it.
What's your idea?
Father, you told me
about your attempts
to arrange a marriage for Josie,
right?
I did.
[FEUILLE]
Little lady's 13 years old.
Just about right
for marriage arrangement!
Since you can move
with your teleportation spell,
you probably try to take her
everywhere you can
to introduce her to new suitors,
right?
[CASSEROLE]
Yes.
I'm always happy
for the chance to show off
how proud I am
of my beautiful daughter.
[PAS]
But then,
what do parents who can't
utilize that sort of magic do?
Hmm.
The most effective strategy,
well, I guess that would be
attending a royal banquet
at the capital.
That's true, but travel
can prove so dangerous.
Right,
and it's definitely not cheap!
That's why they say
that when a noble travels,
their money sprouts wings.
And flies away!
With that,
I was wondering if we could sell
something like this?
Replicate.
Wow!
Look at that!
What? Looks just like her!
It's almost like looking
in a mirror!
[PAC] I've decided to call them
"matchmaking photos."
"Ask the heir
to the Fief of Morteln
to use his magic
to make you a photo,
and you can show off your child,
but without ever needing
to travel anywhere."
So, that could be our pitch
to parents
seeking arranged marriages!
How about it, Father?
I guess having knowledge
unrelated to sweets
really comes in handy, too!
[CASSEROLE]
Hmm.
With such skillfully done
portraits,
we could fetch five
or even ten gold coins!
It's far cheaper than a painting
and being made from magic
means no fees for materials.
Plenty of parents
would pay out the nose
just for the chance to introduce
their child with a picture.
[chuckles]
This just might work.
Wait, wouldn't that mean
exposing Pas' magic?
Seems risky.
[PAS] It's not something
we'll be able to hide forever.
It's not a bad idea.
If we let people think
my magic is just used
for making pictures,
it's a good cover story,
and might allow me to hide
in plain sight.
Pictures, huh?
I guess I can see it.
Right.
Let's start by feeling out
Count Retes about it.
-Pas, my love?
-Yes, Mom?
Just look right here.
Ah!
These crow's feet.
Could you erase them?
Uh...
[PAS]
Count Retes' domain
is in the southern reaches
of the Holy Kingdom of Praulich.
It's a remote location,
facing the sea on two sides.
Within its borders,
there are four main villages
and over 50 smaller ones,
as well.
[PAS] Roads connect
all of the villages
to the local capital,
which also presides over them.
It's one of the largest domains
in the south.
And at the center of it all
is the local capital, Retesvale.
I have come here today
seeking a meeting
with Count Retes.
I ask for safe passage within.
We've been expecting you.
I wonder if he has come here
to express his displeasure
at our failure
to crush the bandit threat?
[COATON] Chastisement
from a mere backwater noble
is nothing to fear,
at least not for you, I assume?
[RETES]
Hmm. Perhaps so.
I'll butter him up and send him
on his way back to the country.
My Lady,
the Lord of Morteln has arrived.
[RETES]
Allow him in.
We are pleased
to have you join us, milord.
It is such an honor
to finally get to meet
the famous Lord of Morteln.
Brioche Salgrade Mille Retes.
I serve as the holder
of the borderland fief of Retes.
[CASSEROLE]
Listen to me, Pas.
Lady Retes
is the eldest daughter
of the late Count Retes.
Her predecessors
died in conflict,
leaving her young nephew
as the only rightful heir
at the time
when his father died in the war.
Lady Retes was to assume
the position as his regent,
but only until her nephew
came of age.
So, she's the current holder
of the fief?
Mm-hmm.
But tragically,
her nephew died of illness
before he came of age.
I am grateful to have this time
with you, Count Brioche Retes.
The pleasure is mine.
My! What an adorable
young gentleman.
[PAS]
She seems cordial enough.
But she is observing us
very closely.
-[chuckles]
Would the two of you
care to join me for tea?
I would be delighted.
[PAS]
Ah, look at those!
Baked treats, cookies?
This tea is one of our
household businesses.
We've prepared
only the finest for your visit.
Your teas are well known.
Even throughout
the royal capital, milady.
Yes, truly excellent.
The aroma and flavor
both live up to
their reputation.
I'm truly pleased to hear
you think so.
[PAS] I used to make cookies
like this all the time!
The time and temperature
before you bake them
is what matters most!
Ah, mm...
[munching]
[PAS]
Hmm... It's kind of...
[RETES]
Huh?
Most children skip for joy
when offered sweet things
of any kind.
What's wrong with this boy?
[slurps]
Hmm!
[RETES] I see you excel at more
than just military matters.
You're quite famous
for rendering
a barren land bountiful.
That prompts me to think
you're a wonderful leader,
as well.
Thanks for the kind words.
I strive hard to maintain
my own lands,
but I'd love to hear
about your administration's
agriculture.
You have certainly
overestimated me, My Lady.
You know, the real reason
why the land can support
its people so well,
is all because of the prowess
of my son!
I myself have very little to do
with it.
My, your son then? How humble.
While I shamefully struggle
just to keep my lands together,
you refuse to take pride
in your many accomplishments.
[chuckles]
I know,
normally no one would believe
such a young child could
be leading territorial reform,
and yet that's exactly
what he's doing.
[RETES]
It must make you proud
to have such a fine man
for a father.
I'm sure
you want to be just like him.
[PAS] The conversation's
finally turned to me.
Now's my chance!
Yes, I'm very proud.
He's why
my family's so prosperous.
Aw! I'm sure, he is.
However, my father
poured himself into our fief
and it has recently
been attacked.
[gasps]
[PAS]
Over a 100 bandits showed up.
Even I and my fellow children
were forced
to take up swords and fight.
[RETES]
Over a hundred?
[PAS] It was actually
just around 50,
but then again,
it's a strategic lie.
Exaggeration
is a negotiator's trick.
Damnation!
I let the child
broach the subject.
It's marvelous to see you
assuming the duties of nobility
at such a young age.
Our household could truly learn
from your example!
Really? When we interrogated
the bandits we captured,
they admitted
they'd come out of Retesvale.
Uh?
[RETES] He's going to negotiate
for damages.
I should feign ignorance.
Gracious, could that be true?
I hadn't heard that.
[PAS]
If you doubt my words,
we are prepared to hand over
some of the bandits to you.
If that fails to spark
your memory,
we'll just turn
them over to the king.
Doing so could lead
to an official investigation
though.
[RETES] Is that your preference?
This child.
Then, assuming your theory
is correct,
perhaps they're the bandits
that our household eradicated
within this territory, no?
Those remaining
must've escaped into Morteln.
Regarding the County of Retes,
attempts to stop
some bandits there have failed.
That's odd.
We were told that they moved on
after retreating from
an attempted suppression here.
[RETES]
In your fief.
If you claim that
your household eradicated them,
then whose forces
were the bandits escaping from?
Who would they've been fighting
against?
Well, I'm afraid
I wouldn't know.
There's no proof
that the bandits we took down
and your own
are even the same people.
It's impossible to say
without all the details.
-Huh?
[CASSEROLE] One of the bandits
was carrying this sword.
It also bears your family crest.
-[gasps]
Sir, that's one of ours.
[RETES]
They've got me.
It's pretty clear,
your household's suppression
of the bandits failed.
As a result,
our lands were attacked
because of your error.
That's based on the evidence.
I don't see it like that.
[PAS] We understand
your position, of course.
We don't plan to make a fuss
or investigate
the failed attempt
at suppression.
[RETES]
I thank you.
But still,
you may not claim them,
but they did come
out of your territory.
We would appreciate
compensation.
For the trouble
it caused our fief, ma'am.
For all your trouble?
I'm sure
we can reach an agreement.
What's an appropriate
amount then?
Perhaps, a hundred gold coins?
Well, count,
it'd only be right
if you cover the damages
to our villages too.
You don't speak like a child,
do you?
Fine then, a 130 coins.
Try again.
[panting]
♪
A hundred and fifty.
Hm. That sounds fair.
Oh, Father,
do you agree with me?
Yes.
[RETES]
This child.
He's an exceptional.
Perhaps the Lord of Morteln's
words earlier,
were more than mere humility.
Normally, it is the father
who would conduct negotiations
and yet still,
it is a small price to pay.
A hundred and fifty coins
and we avoid the risk of
damaging the king's trust in us
for letting bandits escape
and ravage nearby lands.
It could be worse.
Father, look, a 150 gold coins!
Hm.
[RETES]
Perhaps, Pas,
I underestimated you
because you're so young.
I must admit you defeated me.
Do forgive me
for the things I said.
I got quite saucy.
You know, I don't believe
you ever introduced yourself.
An unfortunate lapse.
I'm Pastry,
Casserole Morteln's son
and the pleasure is all mine.
I very much enjoyed
making your acquaintance.
Pastry, huh. I'll remember that.
That's right,
may I ask you one more question?
Yes?
You made a face
when we had tea before.
I thought you might've been
displeased by what you tried.
Ah?
-Ow!
-Did it not suit your fancy?
Oh, no,
the tea was most excellent.
-But...
-[RETES] But?
I just thought the cookies
that were served
were a little too sweet
for my taste.
-Ah!
-[RETES] Oh?
When you serve
baked treats with a good tea,
it isn't all that difficult
to adjust the sweetness,
and I think you might find
you'd like it much more.
-Sh- Pas!
-So next time,
you should try pairing it
with something less sweet.
If you do that,
the cookies will enhance the tea
and make the tea and desserts
a far more enjoyable pairing!
Oh, my goodness.
I'm impressed
by your refined palate.
A great trick to reduce
the sweet...
[CASSEROLE]
[screams] Pas!
[Pas groans]
A thousand apologies.
[chuckles]
[RETES] I thought
he was merely precocious, but...
Oh, wait.
I hope you'll forgive me.
I forgot to bring a present
for you.
Here, take this. You'll like it.
Replicate.
♪
Uh.
This is amazing. Thank you.
It's to show my thanks.
Not just for the sweets,
but for Your Ladyships
most gracious contribution.
[PAS] Next time
on Sweet Reincarnation...
"Sweet Matchmaking Photos
and Twin Ladies."
Bon appetit!